Son, I have checked it clearly.
All the information is there and there is no omission.
Even on this basis
There's been a lot of progress.
That's fine, that's fine.
madam
Oh dad
I still have something to do here. I'll hang up first.
What's the matter, would you like to live at home with me?
What? Don't get me wrong.
I mean...
It was my dad's fault, not mine
Of course I can go back!
I just think it's nice to be alone and tired
Uh would you like to go
Oh, it feels so good to be home.
My sister-in-law will live here from today
I have to.
Your relationship
It's so complicated
Who did I think it was?
It turned out that the girl from our school came back
Where's my dad? Your dad?
He is taking a shower
Why do you want to come in and have a look?